accounts-daemon.service                    disabled
alsa-restore.service                       static  
alsa-state.service                         static  
alsa-store.service                         static  
alsasound.service                          static  
autofs.service                             disabled
autovt@.service                            disabled
autoyast-initscripts.service               disabled
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled 
avahi-dnsconfd.service                     disabled
bluetooth.service                          enabled 
cgroup.service                             masked  
cleanup.service                            static  
clock.service                              masked  
colord.service                             static  
configure-printer@.service                 static  
console-getty.service                      disabled
console-shell.service                      disabled
cron.service                               enabled 
crypto-early.service                       masked  
crypto.service                             masked  
cups.service                               enabled 
cupsd.service                              enabled 
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled 
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled 
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.machine1.service      static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled 
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static  
dbus.service                               static  
debug-shell.service                        disabled
device-mapper.service                      masked  
dnsmasq.service                            disabled
earlysyslog.service                        masked  
earlyxdm.service                           masked  
emergency.service                          static  
getty@.service                             enabled 
halt-local.service                         static  
initrd-cleanup.service                     static  
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static  
initrd-switch-root.service                 static  
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static  
irattach.service                           disabled
kbd.service                                masked  
klog.service                               disabled
klogd.service                              disabled
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static  
ldconfig.service                           masked  
loadmodules.service                        masked  
localfs.service                            static  
localnet.service                           masked  
mdmon@.service                             static  
ModemManager.service                       enabled 
multipathd.service                         disabled
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          disabled
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         disabled
NetworkManager.service                     disabled
nscd.service                               enabled 
openvpn@.service                           disabled
pcscd.service                              static  
plymouth-halt.service                      disabled
plymouth-kexec.service                     disabled
plymouth-poweroff.service                  disabled
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 disabled
plymouth-quit.service                      disabled
plymouth-read-write.service                disabled
plymouth-reboot.service                    disabled
plymouth-start.service                     disabled
plymouth-switch-root.service               static  
polkit.service                             static  
postfix.service                            enabled 
proc.service                               masked  
purge-kernels.service                      enabled 
quotaon.service                            static  
random.service                             static  
rc-local.service                           static  
rescue.service                             static  
rootfsck.service                           static  
rpcbind.service                            disabled
rsyncd.service                             disabled
rsyslog.service                            enabled 
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled
serial-getty@.service                      static  
single.service                             masked  
smartd.service                             disabled
speech-dispatcherd.service                 disabled
sshd.service                               enabled 
sssd.service                               disabled
startpreload.service                       masked  
stoppreload.service                        masked  
SuSEfirewall2.service                      disabled
SuSEfirewall2_init.service                 disabled
swap.service                               masked  
sysctl.service                             static  
syslog.service                             enabled 
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static  
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static  
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static  
systemd-binfmt.service                     static  
systemd-fsck-root.service                  static  
systemd-fsck@.service                      static  
systemd-halt.service                       static  
systemd-hibernate.service                  static  
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static  
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static  
systemd-initctl.service                    static  
systemd-journal-flush.service              static  
systemd-journald.service                   static  
systemd-kexec.service                      static  
systemd-localed.service                    static  
systemd-logind.service                     static  
systemd-machined.service                   static  
systemd-modules-load.service               static  
systemd-nspawn@.service                    static  
systemd-poweroff.service                   static  
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static  
systemd-random-seed.service                static  
systemd-readahead-collect.service          enabled 
systemd-readahead-done.service             static  
systemd-readahead-drop.service             enabled 
systemd-readahead-replay.service           enabled 
systemd-reboot.service                     static  
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static  
systemd-shutdownd.service                  static  
systemd-suspend.service                    static  
systemd-sysctl.service                     static  
systemd-timedated.service                  static  
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static  
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static  
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static  
systemd-udev-root-symlink.service          static  
systemd-udev-settle.service                static  
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static  
systemd-udevd.service                      static  
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static  
systemd-update-utmp.service                static  
systemd-user-sessions.service              static  
systemd-vconsole-setup.service             static  
udev.service                               static  
udisks2.service                            static  
upower.service                             disabled
usbmuxd.service                            static  
user@.service                              static  
xinetd.service                             disabled
YaST2-Firstboot.service                    enabled 
YaST2-Second-Stage.service                 enabled 
ypbind.service                             disabled
