basic.target              static  
bluetooth.target          static  
cryptsetup.target         static  
ctrl-alt-del.target       disabled
default.target            enabled 
emergency.target          static  
final.target              static  
getty.target              static  
graphical.target          disabled
halt.target               disabled
hibernate.target          static  
hybrid-sleep.target       static  
initrd-fs.target          static  
initrd-root-fs.target     static  
initrd-switch-root.target static  
initrd.target             static  
kexec.target              disabled
local-fs-pre.target       static  
local-fs.target           static  
multi-user.target         enabled 
network-online.target     static  
network.target            static  
nss-lookup.target         static  
nss-user-lookup.target    static  
openvpn.target            static  
paths.target              static  
poweroff.target           disabled
printer.target            static  
reboot.target             disabled
remote-fs-pre.target      static  
remote-fs.target          enabled 
rescue.target             disabled
rpcbind.target            static  
runlevel0.target          disabled
runlevel1.target          disabled
runlevel2.target          disabled
runlevel3.target          disabled
runlevel4.target          disabled
runlevel5.target          disabled
runlevel6.target          disabled
shutdown.target           static  
sigpwr.target             static  
sleep.target              static  
slices.target             static  
smartcard.target          static  
sockets.target            static  
sound.target              static  
suspend.target            static  
swap.target               static  
sysinit.target            static  
system-update.target      static  
time-sync.target          static  
timers.target             static  
umount.target             static  
